Fix and enhance OIDC example (#934)
oauth2-proxy/oauth2-proxy: docs/docs/configuration/auth.md

2. Setup oauth2-proxy with the correct provider and using the default ports and callbacks. Add a configuration block to the `staticClients` section of `examples/config-dev.yaml`:

    ```
    - id: oauth2-proxy
    redirectURIs:
    - 'http://127.0.0.1:4180/oauth2/callback'
    name: 'oauth2-proxy'
    secret: proxy
    ```

3. Launch Dex: from `$GOPATH/github.com/dexidp/dex`, run:

    ```
    bin/dex serve examples/config-dev.yaml
    ```

4. In a second terminal, run the oauth2-proxy with the following args:

    ```
    -provider oidc
    -provider-display-name "My OIDC Provider"
    -client-id oauth2-proxy
    -client-secret proxy
    -redirect-url http://127.0.0.1:4180/oauth2/callback
    -oidc-issuer-url http://127.0.0.1:5556/dex
    -cookie-secure=false
    -cookie-secret=secret
    -email-domain kilgore.trout
    ```

    To serve the current working directory as a web site under the `/static` endpoint, add:

    ```
    -upstream file://$PWD/#/static/
    ```

5. Test the setup by visiting http://127.0.0.1:4180 or http://127.0.0.1:4180/static .

> See also https://github.com/oauth2-proxy/oauth2-proxy/blob/master/contrib/local-environment for a self-contained example using Docker, with etcd as storage.

Reviewer: Better to use textual link rather than just the URL, this reads better I think
```suggestion
See also [our local testing environment](https://github.com/oauth2-proxy/oauth2-proxy/blob/master/contrib/local-environment) for a self-contained example using Docker and etcd as storage for Dex.
```
